Add examples of container image usage (#99)
sclorg/httpd-container: 2.4/root/usr/share/container-scripts/httpd/README.md

Virtual hosting allows one Apache installation to serve many different Web sites."

Usage in OpenShift
---------------------

> For this, we will assume that you are using the `rhel8/httpd-24` image, available via `httpd:24` imagestream tag in Openshift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we assume that you are using the `rhel8/httpd-24` image, available through the `httpd:24` imagestream tag in Openshift.
```

> Building a simple [httpd-sample-app](https://github.com/sclorg/httpd-ex.git) application
> in Openshift can be achieved with the following step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a simple [httpd-sample-app](https://github.com/sclorg/httpd-ex.git) application in Openshift:
```

```
oc new-app httpd:24~https://github.com/sclorg/httpd-ex.git
```

> **Accessing the application:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the application:
```

```
$ oc get pods
$ oc exec <pod> -- curl 127.0.0.1:8080
```

Source-to-Image framework and scripts
---------------------
This image supports the [Source-to-Image](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.11/creating_images/s2i.html)
(S2I) strategy in OpenShift. The Source-to-Image is an OpenShift framework

> that makes it easy to write images that take application source code as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which makes it easy to write images that take application source code as
```

an input, use a builder image like this Node.js container image, and produce

> a new image that runs the assembled application as output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a new image that runs the assembled application as an output.
```

> In order to support the Source-to-Image framework, there are some important scripts inside the builder image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support the Source-to-Image framework, important scripts are included in the builder image:
```

> * The `/usr/libexec/s2i/run` script is set as a default command in the resulting container image (the new image with the application artifacts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `/usr/libexec/s2i/run` script is set as the default command in the resulting container image (the new image with the application artifacts).
```

> * The `/usr/libexec/s2i/assemble` script inside the image is run in order to produce a new image with the application artifacts. The script takes sources of a given application and places them into appropriate directories inside the image. The structure of httpd-app can look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `/usr/libexec/s2i/assemble` script inside the image is run to produce a new image with the application artifacts. The script takes sources of a given application and places them into appropriate directories inside the image. The structure of httpd-app can look like this:
```

**`./httpd-cfg`**  
       Can contain additional Apache configuration files (`*.conf`)

**`./httpd-pre-init`**  
       Can contain shell scripts (`*.sh`) that are sourced before `httpd` is started

**`./httpd-ssl`**  

>        Can contain own SSL certificate (in `certs/` subdirectory) and key (in `private/` subdirectory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Can contain user's own SSL certificate (in the `certs/` subdirectory) and a key (in the `private/` subdirectory)
```

> **`./`**  

Reviewer: Can this be indented? It seems it belongs only to the second bullet - "...The structure of httpd-app can look like this:"

       Application source code

Build an application using a Dockerfile
---------------------
Compared to the Source-to-Image strategy, using a Dockerfile is a more
flexible way to build an Node.js container image with an application.

> Use it when the Source-to-Image is not flexible enough for you or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a Dockerfile when Source-to-Image is not sufficiently flexible for you or
```

when you build the image outside of the OpenShift environment.

> In order to use this image in a Dockerfile, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the httpd image in a Dockerfile, follow these steps:
```

#### 1. Pull a base builder image to build on

```
podman pull rhel8/httpd-24
```

#### 2. Pull an application code

> An example application available at https://github.com/sclorg/httpd-ex.git is used here. Feel free to clone the repository for further experiments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example application available at https://github.com/sclorg/httpd-ex.git is used here. To adjust the example application, clone the repository.
```

```
git clone https://github.com/sclorg/httpd-ex.git app-src
```

#### 3. Prepare an application inside a container

This step usually consists of at least these parts:

* putting the application source into the container

> * alternatively move certificates to a correct place (if available in the application source code)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* moving certificates to the correct place (if available in the application source code)
```

* setting the default command in the resulting image

> For all these three parts, users can either setup all manually and use commands `httpd` or `run-httpd` explicitly in the Dockerfile ([3.1.](#31-to-use-own-setup-create-a-dockerfile-with-this-content)), or users can use the Source-to-Image scripts inside the image ([3.2.](#32-to-use-the-source-to-image-scripts-and-build-an-image-using-a-dockerfile-create-a-dockerfile-with-this-content); see more about these scripts in the section "Source-to-Image framework and scripts" above), that already know how to set-up and run the HTTPD daemon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all these three parts, you can either set up all manually and use the `httpd` or `run-httpd` commands explicitly in the Dockerfile ([3.1.](#31-to-use-own-setup-create-a-dockerfile-with-this-content)), or you can use the Source-to-Image scripts inside the image ([3.2.](#32-to-use-the-source-to-image-scripts-and-build-an-image-using-a-dockerfile-create-a-dockerfile-with-this-content). For more information about these scripts, which enable you to set-up and run the httpd daemon, see the "Source-to-Image framework and scripts" section above.
```

> ##### 3.1. To use own setup, create a Dockerfile with this content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### 3.1. To use your own setup, create a Dockerfile with this content:
```

```
FROM registry.redhat.io/rhel8/httpd-24

# Add application sources
ADD app-src/index.html /var/www/html/index.html

> # Run script uses standard ways to run the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The run script uses standard ways to run the application
```

CMD run-httpd
```

##### 3.2. To use the Source-to-Image scripts and build an image using a Dockerfile, create a Dockerfile with this content:
```
FROM registry.redhat.io/rhel8/httpd-24

> # Add application sources to a directory that the assemble script expects them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add application sources to a directory where the assemble script expects them
```

> # and set permissions so that the container runs without root access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# and set permissions so that the container runs without the root access
```

USER 0
ADD app-src/index.html /tmp/src/index.html
RUN chown -R 1001:0 /tmp/src
USER 1001

> # Let the assemble script to install the dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Let the assemble script install the dependencies
```

RUN /usr/libexec/s2i/assemble

> # Run script uses standard ways to run the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The run script uses standard ways to run the application
```

CMD /usr/libexec/s2i/run
```

> #### 4. Then, build a new image from a Dockerfile prepared in the previous step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 4. Build a new image from a Dockerfile prepared in the previous step
```

```
podman build -t httpd-app .
```

> #### 5. And finally, run the resulting image with the final application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 5. Run the resulting image with the final application
```

```
podman run -d httpd-app
```

Direct usage with a mounted directory
-----

> An example of the data on the host for both the examples above, that will be served by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of the data on the host for both the examples above, which is served by
```

> Apache HTTP web server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apache HTTP web server:
```

```
$ ls -lZ /wwwdata/html
-rw-r--r--. 1 1001 1001 54321 Jan 01 12:34 index.html
-rw-r--r--. 1 1001 1001  5678 Jan 01 12:34 page.html
```

> If you want to run the image directly and mount the static pages available in `/wwwdata` on the host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the image directly and mount the static pages available in the `/wwwdata/` directory on the host
```

> If you want to run the image directly and mount the static pages available in `/wwwdata` on the host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the image directly and mount the static pages available in the `/wwwdata/` directory on the host
```

as a container volume, execute the following command:

```
$ podman run -d --name httpd -p 8080:8080 -v /wwwdata:/var/www:Z rhel8/httpd-24
```

> This will create a container named `httpd` running Apache HTTP Server, serving data from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a container named `httpd` running the Apache HTTP Server, serving data from
```

> This will create a container named `httpd` running Apache HTTP Server, serving data from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a container named `httpd` running Apache HTTP Server, serving data from
```

> `/wwwdata` directory. Port 8080 will be exposed and mapped to the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
` the /wwwdata/` directory. Port 8080 is exposed and mapped to the host.
```
